Errata field added 2021-07-01-nguyen21g.md (#21)
mlresearch/v139: _posts/2021-07-01-nguyen21g.md

extras:
- label: Supplementary PDF
  link: http://proceedings.mlr.press/v139/nguyen21g/nguyen21g-supp.pdf

> errata: The final version corrects a mistake in the argument of Lemma 5.4, which also affects Lemma 5.5. These two Lemmas have been edited and the corresponding proofs corrected. All the other results remain untouched.

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
errata: 
- comment: An updated version corrects a mistake in the argument of Lemma 5.4, which also affects Lemma 5.5. These two Lemmas have been edited and the corresponding proofs corrected. All the other results remain untouched.
  date: 2022-08-23
```
